c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\RoslynApp.exe.config
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\obj\Debug\RoslynApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\RoslynApp.exe
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\RoslynApp.pdb
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.Workspaces.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.Desktop.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Convention.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Console.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.FileVersionInfo.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.IO.Compression.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Thread.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Xml.XPath.XDocument.dll
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.pdb
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.xml
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.pdb
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.xml
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.pdb
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.xml
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.pdb
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.xml
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.pdb
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.xml
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.pdb
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.xml
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.Workspaces.pdb
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.Workspaces.xml
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.pdb
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.xml
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.Desktop.pdb
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.Desktop.xml
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Composition.AttributedModel.xml
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Convention.xml
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Hosting.xml
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Runtime.xml
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Composition.TypedParts.xml
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.xml
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\obj\Debug\RoslynApp.exe
c:\users\алексей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RoslynApp\RoslynApp\obj\Debug\RoslynApp.pdb
